>> Jon Kuperman: With that,
we'll move into the next section,
which is assistive technologies, or what I
call the amazing ways people use the web.
So one of the great things about
doing accessibility work is,
how many real users I've gotten
to work with over the years.
This started when I was at Twitter, and I
did a lot of web accessibility at Twitter.
And we would get all of these,
really excited users that
would live in San Francisco, and they
would come in and we would get them lunch.
And in exchange, we'd do like
a design kind of, what is it called,
like a UX study with them
trying to use the website.
And we found just these incredible
gaps that even us as like,
accessibility experts hadn't really
thought of all the use cases.
So, I got to know all
these great people and
got to see all these amazing bits of
assistive technology that they used.
And I found like, it really opened my
mind to all the different ways people
browse the web and the implications.
Like strong one that we'll cover is,
maybe I'll wait for it.
But things that can be very, very easy,
very fast with a mouse in a single click,
you could think could be really,
really time consuming if you had
to tab all the way through or
similarly if you're using some kind
of single switch or single button.
Just being conscious of how many actions
it might take for a user to get to the add
to cart button, or the signup flow,
or something like that.
So here's this cool picture I found of
all these different bits of assistive
technology.
We're gonna dive into a few of them,
mostly over on the left side,
that are very web specific.
One of the most common ways that people
browse the web with assistive technology,
is keyboard only.
This can be for a variety of reasons,
ranging from inability to physically use
a mouse all the way over to preference,
there's quite a few.
I don't know if we have any like,
VIM fans in the audience that are like,
adding their keyboard shortcuts to their
browser, and their operating system and
everything they do.
But keyboard only is a very popular
way that people browse the web.
And again, the most obvious takeaway
here would be an inability to navigate
with the mouse means
that you're often tab and
shift tabbing through an entire website
trying to get to that thing that you want.
In a similar vein, people who are unable
to use a keyboard often use some kind of
assistive technology.
There's head wands,
mouth sticks, and more and
more recently which I think we'll cover
soon is like eye directed keyboards, where
instead of using your hands to direct
the keyboard, you can use your vision.
One of the more limiting ones that really
opened my mind is these single switches,
they're literally just
a binary on off button.
And they come with digital keyboards,
and so
what you kind of do is you hit the single
switch and it'll start a digital keyboard
going top down until you find
the row that has your key on it.
So you can imagine going down your escape,
tab, caps, lock, shift, whatever, and
you hit the switch again and then it
starts going column by column until you
get to the actual key
that you want to type.
Screen readers, again probably one of the
most popular forms of assistive technology
for those unfamiliar screen readers
are software that parse the website and
read it out to you.
And they come with a bunch of back and
forth interaction tools.
So you've got all these shortcut
keys where you can do things like,
well show me all the headers for
this website, or show me all
the interactive elements, or read to me
just the first section, things like that.
So you end up getting this
kind of like powerful back and
forth where the input is keyboard and
the output is audio.
And we'll do quite a bit
with screen reader today.
We'll get them installed locally for
free, and kinda have a play with them and
experience them.
And then like I mentioned before, more and
more popular lately are these eye tracker
keyboards, these are really
incredible technology.
But the effect on the website is largely
the same which imagining somebody is
a keyboard only user.
Okay, so this is like one of my favorite
takeaways of all this stuff, and
one of the reasons that I
love accessibility so much.
So there's this concept
called the curb cut effect.
And I think it's really well illustrated
in this picture where there is this
assistive ramp that is clearly, or
you can assume put there for some kind of
accessibility standard to allow wheelchair
users to get up onto the sidewalk, right.
But the reality is that we find more and
more when we study that whenever we
invest in a certain group of people,
it often has this largely positive
cascading effect into the broader
well being of the country, right?
And so that we put these
things down specifically for
people in wheelchairs to
get up on the sidewalk.
And then we find all of these amazing use
cases of here's this woman with her child
in a stroller pushing her
child up onto this thing.
And I find this so true with web
accessibility where we get the HTML to be
semantic and
we add all of these features and
then we start noticing that the power
users love these features as well.
Or that we have slightly
faster loading website,
because we've reduced JavaScript and
replaced it with semantic HTML.
Or we have better UX design and
we actually see our conversions going up.
And I really like this curb cut effect.
It's something I always
try to keep in mind that,
you're not only helping make
the website more accessible,
but you're also probably
improving the website at large.